Ibanez Guitars continues its collaboration with Paul Gilbert with the release of another new model, the Ibanez FRM350. The latest release seems to provide a more in-depth feel of how PG has transformed musically in the last few years, notably with his slide  guitar playing.

ibanezpaulFRM3508
A Deeper Look at Paul Gilbert’s FRM350

Continuing a long and successful collaboration with PG, the renowned Japanese-based guitar brand unleashed another Fireman series, this time the fine-looking FRM350. The solid-body guitar is said to be manufactured in China and it’s being designed to somewhat provide a much closer look at the type of guitar that Gilbert enjoys using these days.

ibanezpaulFRM3505
The new model is set with only a black colourway for now, while having an Okoume body on the back and front to ensure a bright and solid sound. As for the neck position, it incorporates a combination of 3p Okoume with maple to bring more stability for players.


Gilbert’s new release is also set with narrow and tall frets that can offer quick response along with maximum articulation when playing chords or single melodies. The fretboard uses ebony that gives rich sustain while delivering tight lows and mid-range with powerful high-end attacks.

Give a look also at our previous article regarding Paul Gilbert here: https://rock-expert.com/site/paul-gilbert-new-cd-dedicated-to-buckethead/

Ibanez FRM350 Provides PG’s Slide Bar Holder
ibanezpaulFRM3506
An important additional part of the new guitar model is the availability of a magnetic slide holder placed under the pickguard. The positioning is very crucial as it gives players an easier way to switch from regular to slide playing.



The inclusion of a slide bar holder is strongly related to how Gilbert has been playing it quite often these days. The Mr. Big Axeman feels that slide-playing offers him the right path to evolving his playing even more at his current age.

Another exciting addition to the FRM350 would be DiMarzio Air Classic pickups that are integrated into the three-way  pickup switch. The guitar also uses three knobs which are, the volume, tone and a three-way pickup selector knob to enhance your playing even more.

More details about this guitar can be viewed at Ibanez’s official page for Paul Gilbert.

Ibanez FRM350 SPECS
neck type	: FRM3pc Okoume/MapleSet-in neck
top/back/body	: Okoume body
fretboard	: Bound Ebony fretboardAcrylic & Abalone block inlay
fret	        : Narrow & Tall frets
number of frets	: 22
bridge	        : Gibraltar Performer bridge
string space	: 10.5mm
tailpiece	: Quik Change Classic tailpiece
neck pickup	: DiMarzio® Air Classic™ (H) neck pickupPassive/Alnico
bridge pickup	: DiMarzio® Air Classic™ (H) bridge pickupPassive/Alnico
factory tuning	: 1E,2B,3G,4D,5A,6E
strings	        : D'Addario® EXL110
string gauge	: .010/.013/.017/.026/.036/.046
nut	        : Graph Tech® nut
hardware color	: Gold
Check out the Official video introduction for Paul Gilbert’s FRM350

